my name is Andre pastel from Springfield
Massachusetts I ride for cwammed bikes
alienation products Stampede clothing
and Haven skate park basically we're
gonna go out and have some fun of my new
qualms and cool friend today for the
most part I've kind of gravitated
towards park riding but um where I
started out with dirt definitely racing
entrails was a big part of me starting
in BMX I just think I gravitate towards
park is there so much to do with like
then you could have two guys ride the
same park completely different it's
basically like an art form the way
people fine lines and parks and you got
a good park nothing's better than that I
have fun riding contest but when it
comes down to it I don't think there's
anything better than just having a
couple of friends you know at the park
or at the trails whether they're just
starting our like really good riders
just chillin and really getting that
group mentality from BMX that you won't
get at a contest I I'd much rather you
know vomit all day then make a million
dollars in contests as long as I'm
having to get
run with the kids it have a good time
doing it
you
from like really young age was in de
hockey and one of the kids that I played
Hawking it was a bike racer so I started
hanging out with him and pretty much
rode bikes all day from freshman year of
high school till junior when he quit and
I just kept pushing it just had so much
fun with it I loved it so I could get
away from it I think that trail riding
has definitely been influenced by park
and influence park because you look at
some of the trails now and there's
spines wall rides all kinds of stuff
that you never thought you'd see in
trails it's just good to see BMX like
stuck together no matter what you ride
you get along and take a little bit from
everything
you